Refactor copy packages command to support regional ECR (#6747)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/airgapped/airgap-steps.md

   
   <details>
      <summary>Expand for curated packages instructions</summary>

      If your EKSA cluster is running in an airgapped environment and you set up a local registry mirror, you can copy curated packages from Amazon ECR to your local registry mirror with the following command. 
      

>       `$KUBEVERSION` must equals to the `spec.kubernetesVersion` of your EKS Anywhere cluster specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      `$KUBEVERSION` be must equal to the `spec.kubernetesVersion` of your EKS Anywhere cluster specification.
```
